Feat/react native (#56)
significa/significa-start: src/templates/react-native/README.md

# React Native boilerplate

> This React Native starter aims to solve commons issues during the development step and build process in the Appcenter. It's a non-opinionated boilerplate, however it uses a couple of preset tools and scripts in order to manage the routine tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This React Native starter aims to solve commons issues during the development step and build process in Appcenter. It's a non-opinionated boilerplate, however it uses a couple of preset tools and scripts in order to manage the routine tasks.
```

> ## 1. Getting start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Getting started
```

**React Native first time**

> The doctor command currently supports most of the software and libraries that React Native relies on, such as CocoaPods, Xcode and Android SDK. With doctor we'll find issues with your development environment and give you the option to automatically fix them. If doctor is not able to fix an issue, it will display a message and a helpful link explaining how to fix it manually as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The doctor command currently supports most of the software and libraries that React Native relies on, such as CocoaPods, Xcode, and Android SDK. With doctor, we'll find issues with your development environment and give you the option to automatically fix them. If doctor is not able to fix an issue, it will display a message and a helpful link explaining how to fix it manually:
```

```sh
npx @react-native-community/cli doctor
```

**Project first time**

Installing all project dependencies, from node to pods:

```sh
yarn install
```

**Scripts available**

- `yarn ios`: run iOS development mode;
- `yarn android`: run Android development mode;
- `yarn clean`: clean up React Native environment;
- `yarn rename [NewName]`: rename application's name;
- `sh ./scripts/fastlane.sh`: install the Fastlane environnement;
- `sh ./scripts/sync-cocoapods-version.sh`: install the version the is set in the Podfile;

## 2. Development

> ### Environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Environment variables
```

> react-native-dotenv provide a straightforward API to handle with environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
react-native-dotenv provides a straightforward API to handle environment variables
```

```js
import Config from "react-native-config";

Config.API_URL; // 'https://myapi.com'
Config.GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY; // 'abcdefgh'
```

Check [react-native-config](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config) for more details.

> **Env variable pattern name**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Environment variables name pattern**
```

> In order to work properly, the package requires to follow a specific pattern: `RN_NAME_VAR=VALUE`. The prefix "RN\_" is very important**, once a script that will run the Appcenter will look only for these variables following this pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to work properly, the package requires you to follow a specific pattern: `RN_VAR_NAME=VALUE`. The prefix "RN\_" is very important**. A script that will run in Appcenter will only look only for variables that follow this pattern.
```

Check `scripts/appcenter_envar.sh` for more details.

### iOS certificates

> In order to automate the process of distributing the application to the assigned user, Appcenter needs two essential files: `_.p12` and `_.mobileprovision`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to automate the process of distributing the application, Appcenter needs two essential files: `_.p12` and `_.mobileprovision`.
```

> - `fastlane match development`: _Needs more details_

Reviewer: how can we get these details?

## 3. Build

> This boilerplate is prepared to run in the Appcenter, where build and distribute the application for both: iOS and Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This boilerplate is prepared to run in Appcenter, where it will build and distribute the application for both iOS and Android.
```

**Appcenter**

> Appcenter is a continuously build, test, release, and monitor apps for React Native. Once the application has setup in the Appcenter, it will run the script `appcenter-pre-build.sh` with the following purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appcenter is a platform to continuously build, test, release, and monitor apps. Once the application is setup in Appcenter, it will run the script `appcenter-pre-build.sh` to:
```

> - Expose environment variable;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose environment variables;
```

> - Install Fastlane dependency;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install Fastlane dependencies;
```

> - Run Fastlane scrips;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run Fastlane scripts;
```

**Picking Appcenter certificates**

> _Needs more details_

Reviewer: how do we get these details?
